Well, it looks like my cluster is now all up and ready.
We're now going to try to connect to that cluster from our local machine using ETL.
We're only doing this so that we can later debug our cluster, get logs and stuff like that.
We are generally not going to manually deploy anything to our cluster.
Again, we're only connecting to it to debug it and understand what is going on inside.
Remember that in order to connect two different clusters, we're going to use Cube Kettle.
We discussed this very briefly much earlier on inside the course as a very quick reminder up CTL decides
on how to connect to some given cluster by using something called context.
The context refers to some configuration settings that tells CTL how to connect to, say, a local cluster
that you're running on your machine, maybe one on Google Cloud or maybe the one that we just created
on Digital Ocean.
So we're going to have to create a second context to tell you how to connect to that cluster that we
just created.
To create the second context, we're going to use the command line tool for interacting with digital
ocean directly.
We can get some instructions on how to install this digital ocean command line tool.
If we go back over to our Digital Ocean page and click on right here.
Number two, install management tools.
You'll then see a link right here to dock.
Tell that is the command line tool that we want to install.
If you do not see this little pop up window right here, no problem.
Just open up a new browser tab and go to GitHub.
Digital Ocean Deal.
That's how I pronounce it.
I don't know if that's actually how you're supposed to pronounce it.
Dostal dactyl.
Good enough.
So once a year we can find some installation directions.
As usual, if you are on Mac OS, life is really easy.
You can just use homebrew.
Otherwise, if you are on Linux or Windows, you can scroll down a little bit more.
Take a look at how to just download the binary.
If you're on Linux, if you're on Windows, you're probably going to want to download the installer
instead.
So go ahead and do the installation.
Once the installation is complete, you should be able to open up your terminal, run at ductile and
see some help like this appear.
Once Tactile is installed, we have to then initialize it or essentially authenticate yourself with
your digital ocean account.
To do so, we're going to run the command ductile off init.
But first we have to do one other thing.
I kind of jumped ahead right there.
Let's not run that command just yet.
So to actually authenticate ourselves, we do have to go back over to the Digital Ocean Dashboard.
Over here, we're going to find on the bottom left hand side API.
But then going to generate a new token.
So this is an access token that gives you full access programmatically over your digital ocean account.
You can enter in a name right here.
I'm going to put in ductile too, because I've already got one called ductile.
And I'll be presented with that token right there.
Now, just, you know, by the time you watch this video, I will have already deleted this token,
so don't bother trying to use this one.
So you will copy that token.
You'll then run that dactyl off in it.
Once you run that, you'll be prompted to paste in the token.
So paste it in hit enter and then you should be authenticated.
So once we've got Dr. Elle up and running, we can then use it to install a context to connect to our
cluster into our local copy of ETL.
But at this point, we've already done a couple of things, and these next series of commands we're
going to run are going to be just a little bit confusing.
So let's pause right here and then make use of ductile in just a moment.